# FriendlyNeighborhood
“Friendly Neighborhood” is an android application introduced with an objective of handling day-to-day activities of residential societies. It is a society and accounting management system for apartments and housing societies. It provides a platform for users to perform activities like paying maintenance, file a complaint in the society’s forum, club house reservation, events section and much more. It will ease the efforts for owners as well as the society’s secretary and will save their time and efforts. It also eliminate a lot of paper work and make things hassle-free. 
This application offers something to each stakeholder in a society’s daily affairs. From residents to management committee, this app has something for everyone. It is an efficient and comprehensive system that will make your life super convenient and secure. The objective of this project is to reduce humanefforts and save time. 
This project is divided into the modules as follows: 
Login/Registration: The user’s data-privacy is always a priority; and hence to enhance the user experience and keep the user data safe, this project includes the login/signup for the authentication purpose. The user data is password protected and only can be accessed with valid credentials. 
Forum: Stay updated with all the society related information, announcements and complaints made by other residents with a digital forum. You can connect with neighbors using forum’s comment section and have a hassle-free communication experience.  
Payments: Using this application one can make and track maintenance and utility payments all in one place. You can also check your payment history based on the type of payment you choose to make (monthly, quarterly or yearly). Once the payment has been done the admin or secretary receives it and the notification is generated from the same platform. Accounts and billing solution for management committee/ admin so they can manage everything related to society’s finances. From book keeping and fine management to managing the records, it’s all here. Management committee members can manage maintenance and utility bill payments easily with automatic generation of invoices and receipts.  
Events: With the events section, the management committee can create and host events for the societies. Users can view the events and be informed about its details timely. 
Clubhouse Reservation: Using the reservation section, one can choose to reserve the society clubhouse for hosting personal events based on the availability. All of this can be done with at most ease using a same platform thus enhancing the user experience and promoting convenience.  
Admin Module: Through this section the super user activities can be implemented. This section has been developed by keeping the managing committee of the society in mind. They can receive notifications about payments, reservations, complains and can create and post an event happening in the society. 
